---
layout: post
title: Statement of Principles
categories: Miscellaneous
author: Sue
---

STATEMENT OF PRINCIPLES
Sooke Radio Society (SRS) is a non–profit society, whose primary purpose is to operate an online radio station. The mandate of SRS, as a community radio station, is to provide local programming to Sooke and the Juan de Fuca region. 

SRS is a volunteer organization that recognizes the essential contribution of its volunteers. SRS will support and provide its volunteer membership with the necessary resources and training to contribute to SRS. 

SRS will not broadcast any material that promotes hatred, discrimination or contempt against an individual or a group or class of individuals on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, age, mental or physical ability or gender orientation. SRS will only air such material within the context of a larger issue, and only when its use is necessary to the listening public's understanding of that issue. 

SRS is not a vehicle for promoting political or religious ideologies. Therefore SRS will not grant airtime to be used for the purpose of promoting such ideologies. 

SRS will not engage in any business transactions with any individual or organization whom it believes promotes hatred, discrimination or contempt against an individual or a group or class of individuals on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, age, mental or physical ability or gender orientation. 

SRS will actively encourage and promote independent artists presenting innovative and creative music. 

SRS will present programming emphasizing local and regional content. 

SRS will air material in a comprehensive, balanced, articulate context, while actively promoting viewpoints complementary to those that may not be heard elsewhere. SRS pledges to allow all members of the Sooke and Juan de Fuca region equal access to the station and equal opportunity to participate in its programming. 

SRS will actively recruit volunteers through a network of local community groups representing people of all races, national or ethnic origins, colours, religions, ages, mental or physical abilities and gender orientations. SRS will publicize all personnel openings through a network of local community groups representing people of all races, national or ethnic origins, colours, religions, ages, mental or physical abilities and gender orientations. 

SRS will not discriminate against any group or individual based on race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, age, mental or physical ability or gender orientation in hiring for any position. 

SRS is a radio station staffed by volunteers. SRS welcomes the contributions of media professionals as resources and reserves the right to restrict their activities in their area of expertise. SRS will provide training for all staff members and volunteers to perform a function at the radio station. Furthermore, SRS shall endeavor to expose staff members and volunteers to all facets of SRS. 

SRS Members and Volunteers are expected to treat fellow members and members of the greater community with respect, dignity, and worth at all times when acting on behalf of the society and at any society-affiliated locations or events.

SRS reserves the right to refuse or revoke membership from any staff member or volunteer who behaves in a manner contrary to the spirit of the Statement of Principles. 

SRS Voting Members will agree to review and approve the statement of principles each year at the annual general meeting.


**Interested in getting involved? Come introduce yourself and join the discussion on [Discord](https://discord.gg/gWwQvrDs29)!**
